<b>File has been locked. Access is limited to top ranked Ministry staff only.</b>

The following document details the attempts made by the Ministry to slay Aries in defense of Soza city for the purposes of archiving failed methods to further improve future attempts. Let it be known that the Ministry does not condone assassinations, but the great ram presents an existential threat. If there is a means to end the threat Aries poses to our way of life it is our duty to find it.

<i>Attempt 1.</i>
A missile carrying a majority of the nuclear material available within Soza was constructed and fired against Aries, with the target being his eyes. He caught notice of the attempt and promptly swatted the missile away. The missile base, our remaining nuclear yield and six whole districts were lost as Aries proceeded to tip the city over, using it as a ‘salt shaker’ for his meal. Direct attempts are not recommended as Aries is quick to punish us for them.

<i>Attempt 2.</i>
An artificial viral pathogen was designed, made to be as lethal as possible based on all known Sozan plagues and viruses available to our research labs. A yield was loaded onto a smaller missile to be launched while Aries was asleep, implementing our strongest drilling equipment to hopefully break through his hide. Upon awakening Aries only showed a single, minor symptom. Sneezing. As a result of his sneezes our buildings suffered considerable structural damage and we were forced to constantly amend the damage while the symptoms passed. A general quarantine was established as the virus was still quite deadly to Sozans. The quarantine is still active as the virus is quite persistent. Remote work has been implemented as a result.

<i>Attempt 3.</i>
We piled together as much computing power as was available within Soza and set our programmers to work to try to infiltrate Aries' various cybernetic parts. He clearly has various augments and there was the hope that we might be able to electronically disable something critical. After many attempts we finally managed to crack a single firewall only to encounter some sort of failsafe that shorted out our systems. As a result we are now severely lacking in processing power city wide.
